NSW Ambulance Emergency Medical Call Taker (Communications Assistant)

Charlestown, Newcastle, Maitland & Hunter NSW
Customer Service - Call Centre (Call Centre & Customer Service)
Government - State (Government & Defence)
Full time
Earn up to $85,000 + OT + Allowances + Super

Employment Type: Permanent Full Time
Remuneration: Earn up to $85,000 per annum with base salary, overtime, shift allowances and superannuation
Hours Per Week: 38

Location:  Charlestown

Applications Close:  26 November 2025


DO YOU HAVE A PASSION FOR HELPING THE COMMUNITY?

 

COME AND BE A PART OF SOMETHING AMAZING!

 

NSW Ambulance Emergency Medical Call Takers (Communications Assistant)

 

    Salary range - $64,529 (during training), increasing to $68,764 - $73,268 per annum via yearly pay increments + allowances, shift penalties, overtime

    5 weeks of annual leave per year · An organisation that champions Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

    Be part of the team and have staff allocated uniforms on day one

     Diverse career opportunities across clinical and non-clinical roles in regional and metro NSW

    Have job security in a permanent full-time role

    Enjoy discounted gym rates, health and wellness coaching, free vaccinations and take advantage of a range of free training and talent programs for your professional development

    Discounted private health insurance

    Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for staff and family members

    Generous salary packaging options to help you increase your take home pay: Up to $9k for living expenses + $2.6k meal & entertainment + novated leasing

    Superannuation contributions of 12%

 

About NSW Ambulance

NSW Ambulance provides essential health services to the people of NSW, relieving suffering through out of hospital care. From the traditional emergency response, getting medical help to patients with serious or life-threatening injuries or trauma, through to connecting patients who do not need an emergency response with the most appropriate health provider. NSW Ambulance provides excellence in care and makes sure patients get the right care, at the right time, at the right place.

No matter where you live in NSW, whether it be metropolitan, rural or regional, we are there to provide medical care and transport when you need it.

 

About the role

No two days will ever be the same as a Communications Assistant in our NSW Ambulance Control Centres. Every shift and every call has the potential to be the most rewarding or the most challenging you’ve taken. You could be someone's lifeline, last hope or lucky break and they will be relying on you to guide & support them through what may be their worst moment. While this role is not for the faint hearted and requires a lot of resilience, it is also very rewarding, fulfilling & is one of the most critical roles in the emergency service process as you are the first point of contact to the community in their times of need.

During your training you will learn what an integral role they play within Emergency Services, in addition to this

    You will receive, record and quickly progress emergency phone calls made to Triple Zero (000) in a fast paced and dynamic environment.

    You will provide lifesaving first aid advice, be resilient and dynamic whilst recording information and most of all, be the person on the other end of the line ensuring that the caller is provided with the necessary information and support required to ensure the emergency is managed until paramedics arrive on scene.

    We have centres state-wide including Sydney (Eveleigh), Southern (Warilla), Northern (Charlestown) & Western (Dubbo). This advertisement is for applicants to be based in Charlestown ONLY. Roles are appointed on a permanent full time basis across a 24/7 rotating roster.

     

About you

Communications Assistant roles are unique and challenging and our team members come from a wide range of life stages, occupational and cultural backgrounds. You are likely to be a good fit for these positions if you:

    Enjoy working in a busy environment where multi-tasking with high attention to detail is the norm.

    Are tech savvy enough to use multiple software systems whilst under pressure.

    Have proven persistence and ability to maintain logical thought processes and remain calm in stressful situations and challenging circumstances.

    Communicate effectively by listening, showing empathy, and adapting your style to the situation.

    Maintain a calm, resilient composure in stressful situations.

    Demonstrate the highest standards of professional conduct and support for others.

    Learn quickly, developing your capability whilst embracing constructive feedback.

    Ability to work 12hr shifts on a 24hr rotating roster. (4 days on, 5 days off)

     

Applicants Information

Roles are appointed on a permanent full time basis, working 12 hour shifts, across a 24/7 rotating roster. Applicants are expected to be in a position to adhere to set rosters as required by their nominated Control Centre. Temporary reasonable adjustments may be considered in extenuating circumstances on a case by case basis with the outcome being at the discretion of the Control Centre. This position will be for our Northern Control Centre NSWA

 

You are required to hold a valid First Aid Certificate (HLTAID011), or be willing to obtain prior to your commencement in the Control Centre
