Customer Care Specialist

Wyong, Gosford & Central Coast NSW (Hybrid)
Customer Service - Call Centre (Call Centre & Customer Service)
Full time

Get ready to jump into the New Year with a new career,
Make 2026 the year of you and thrive in our Customer Care team!


Our Customer Care Specialists help make us who we are as Australia’s most recommended bank, and we’re on the lookout for locals who care about customers as much as we do. Come "Do Your Thing" at BANK. 


We’re transforming digitally to give our teams the innovative tools they need to deliver fast, seamless service for our customers. We’re looking for the agents of the future tech-savvy, customer-focused individuals ready to embrace new challenges and accelerate their careers. If you’re ready to join a dynamic team and be part of the change – keep reading!
 
We have multiple roles available for a 19th of January 2026 start date at our swanky Customer Care HQ in Wyong. You’ll be joining a fun and fast paced environment where there is opportunity to grow within your role. Our Contact Centre is an excellent start for those looking to expand their career and take on a new challenge. 
 
These positions are Full Time and require you to work a 7-day rotating roster including weekends and public holidays. You will have full availability to work an 8-hour shift scheduled at any time during our mid shift band (8:00am – 8:30pm). Our rosters are published 4 weeks in advance. 
 
Example of a real-life roster:  

    Week 1: Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday (9:30am – 5:30pm), Sunday (6am - 2pm) 

    Week 2: Monday – Friday (11am – 7pm) 

    Week 3: Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday (12:30pm – 8:30pm), Saturday (11am – 7pm) 

    Week 4: Tuesday – Friday (12pm – 8pm), Sunday (9am – 5pm) 

 
Our Customer Care Specialists are scheduled for one weekend shift per week (Saturday or Sunday) for 3 out of 4 weeks a month. While you can be scheduled for any shift band on a weekend, we allow the flexibility to volunteer for specific shift times on weekends.  


We also provide a comprehensive onboarding journey designed to set you up for success in your role at BANK. It’s important that you’re fully available and committed during this period to ensure you don’t miss any key information and can confidently kick-start your career with us.
 
What you'll do 


As a Customer Care Specialist for a digital bank, you’ll be the first voice our customers hear when they call us for help. You’ll assist customers with a range of different enquiries related to our Daily Banking products by using your active listening, analysis and customer service skills. 
 
What we’re looking for 

    Minimum of 6 months' work experience in a high volume, fast paced environment.  

    Call Centre experience would be beneficial but not essential.

    Excellent written and verbal communication skills, and the ability to create a positive experience for every customer. 

    Flexibility to work a rotating roster in a structured environment. 

    Demonstrated resilience and patience in handling customer queries and objections, in an empathetic and professional manner. 

    The ability to learn new technology and navigate computer systems efficiently and accurately. 

 
What's in it for you? 

    Encouraged work/life balance with our FlexBANK policy of 40% work from home after training (2 days a week).

    Penalty Rates of 20% for any late shifts finishing after 8pm and 50% on weekends. 

    Annual rest day – an extra day of leave! 

    Employee Wellbeing Program so that you can be your best self. 

    Regular coaching and mentoring sessions with your Team Leader to support your individual growth journey. 

    Free onsite parking with local cafes and amenities nearby. 

    Discounted BANK Home Loans and Health Insurance. 

 
Applications will close on Monday, the 1st of December – don’t miss out and apply today!  
Please ensure you have attached your updated resume with your most recent work experience. 
 

About Us
 

At BANK, we’re all about making life simpler and more rewarding - for the people who bank with us, the team members who work with us, and the communities we’re proud to support. Joining BANK means stepping into an environment where your individuality isn’t just welcomed - it’s celebrated. We’ve built a culture that’s fun, inclusive, and supportive, giving you the freedom to be yourself, so you can do your thing.


Whether you’re taking ownership of exciting projects, thinking outside the box, or working with global colleagues, you’ll find BANK is the kind of place where growth isn’t just a possibility; it’s a promise. As a WGEA Employer of Choice for Gender Equality and Family Inclusive workplace, you’ll feel the difference in how we value and champion our people.


We make hiring decisions based on your skills, capabilities, and how you align with our values - not on ticking every box. So, if you’re interested but don’t meet all the criteria, we encourage you to apply. We’re invested in fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace where everyone feels like they belong. We’re your allies in helping you do your thing during the recruitment process, so let us know if you require any support or adjustments when you apply.  Let us know if you’d like to chat with an LGBTQ+ Confidential contact.  


Sound like your kind of vibe? We can’t wait to hear from you!


(One last note: We operate using a direct talent sourcing model, so no agency introductions, please.)


BANK is Australia’s most recommended bank according to RFI Global’s Consumer Atlas Survey, January–June 2025 (n = 29,510) when compared to customers of the 10 largest ADIs operating in Australia.