Wagering Services Officer

Melbourne VIC (Hybrid)
Customer Service - Customer Facing (Call Centre & Customer Service)
Casual/Vacation
$30 – $35 per hour

About CALL AGENT Group

CALL AGENT Group specialise in end-to-end product creation that leverages intuitive design, disruptive technologies and an agile framework. We disrupt, we innovate, we are at the cutting edge of the wagering sector. Pushing the boundaries of tech today to build the solutions for tomorrow, we are building an inclusive workplace that embraces diversity and difference.

Role Purpose

Kickstart your career with an exciting opportunity to join our team as a Wagering Services Officer!

If you’re a recent graduate or currently studying and looking for your first real step into the industry and you love sport, this could be the perfect role for you.

We’re searching for energetic, personable and driven individuals. This is a role built for people with a real passion for racing, sport and customer experience.

Key Accountabilities:

    Respond to live chats, emails and phone calls

    Assist customers over the phone and via other communication channels

    Collaborate with traders and operational teams as part of a team structure

    Monitor front-end website performance and functionality

    Track and analyze competitor market offerings

    Perform other operational tasks as required

Knowledge and Skills

    Ideally experience in a customer service role and/or sales in a telephone environment

    Previous experience at another bookmaker is not mandatory however, a basic knowledge of wagering and the wider industry is beneficial

    Multi-tasking skills

    Technologically savvy

    Capacity to work calmly and efficiently under pressure

    Willingness to work evenings and weekends

Personal Qualities

    Curious and analytical

    Thought leader

    Pragmatic problem solver

    Resilient and composed

    Collaborative communicator

Values and Behaviours

The Wagering Services Officer is expected to model CALL AGENT Group’s values in all aspects of their work:

    We are one team and better together – build trusted relationships across functions, collaborate openly and support colleagues to achieve shared outcomes.

    We innovate, invent and disrupt – continuously seek new and creative ways to enhance the customer experience, using insights and technology to improve processes, resolve issues more effectively and deliver smarter solutions that make a real difference.

    We are bold and ambitious – approach every customer interaction with confidence and determination, take ownership to go beyond expectations, challenge the status quo and strive for excellence in the service provided.

    We are respectful and accountable – demonstrate integrity, transparency and ownership in all actions and communications, maintaining the trust of colleagues and customers.

Pre-employment Checks

All appointments require reference checks, national criminal records checks and for specific roles, financial or qualification checks may be required.

Why Join CALL AGENT Group?

At CALL AGENT Group, we offer more than just a role, we provide a vibrant, supportive environment where your career can thrive. Our modern CBD office features premium end-of-trip facilities and our culture is one of collaboration, innovation and fun.